Updated intro of MVC and added the documentation link (#3079)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/103-basics-of-aspnet-core/100-mvc.md

> # Mvc
> MVC is architectural design pattern used for developing applications specifically web applications. This pattern separates an application into three main logical components **Model View Controller**. Each architectural component is built to handle specific developemnt aspects of an application.
> **Model** - Handles all data related logic. Interacts with Database.
> **View** - Handles UI part of the applications (data presentation).
> **Controller** - Handles request flow, acts as intermediary between view and model.
> 
> 
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='[https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp//](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/overview?WT.mc_id=dotnet-35129-website&view=aspnetcore-7.0)'>MVC Official Documentation</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: Please consider formatting the submission in the future as follows:

```suggestion
# MVC

MVC is an architectural design pattern used for developing applications, specifically web applications. This pattern separates an application into three main logical components **Model View Controller**. Each architectural component is built to handle specific development aspects of an application.

- **Model** - Handles all data-related logic. Interacts with Database.
- **View** - Handles UI part of the applications (data presentation).
- **Controller** - Handles request flow, and acts as an intermediary between view and model.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/overview?WT.mc_id=dotnet-35129-website&view=aspnetcore-7.0'>MVC Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
```
